[Doc Feature][Local debug using tools] (#5468)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/whats-new.md

| Date | Update | Find here |
| --- | --- | --- |

> |03/16/2022| Added information on debug process| Tools and SDKs > Teams Toolkit for Visual Studio Code > [Debug your Teams app using Teams Toolkit](toolkit/debug-local.md) > [Debug background process](toolkit/debug-background-process.md)|

Reviewer: "Debug background process" page is in the same level as "Debug your Teams app using Teams Toolkit" page. So I think it is better to use the format like:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37978464/158819105-503ca139-1507-4020-97e9-047898031657.png)

> |03/16/2022| Added information on debug process| Tools and SDKs> Teams Toolkit for Visual Studio Code > Create a new Teams app [Debug your Teams app using Teams Toolkit](toolkit/debug%20local.md)[Debug background process](toolkit/debug%20background%20process.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|03/16/2022| Added information on debug process| Tools and SDKs> Teams Toolkit for Visual Studio Code > </br> • [Debug your Teams app using Teams Toolkit](toolkit/debug%20local.md) </br> • [Debug background process](toolkit/debug%20background%20process.md)|
```
